The region of Juliiarie used to be very quiet and fertile,
abundant in water.
Sandwiched between the sea and the mountains, it offered
refuge to many companion species. 
A plateau *(a picco sul mare)* was the perfect place for
all the species to encounter and enjoy the space.
~

It was said that giant felines resided here. 
Three pools, curled in their distinctive shapes,
stained the plateau.
The legend tells the story of these giant cats who,
despite their natural aloofness, ultimately became protectors
of the local water.
This was because the water, which rendered the meadows fertile,
created the perfect environment for all the species
to thrive in quietness.
~

The meadow became so quiet that the cats fell into an eternal sleep,
ultimately becoming the three lakes.
~

Centuries passed and the three cats continued napping.
Until a hum began to curse the plateau. 
~

The hum in fact was the noise of tiny fans
attached to millions of servers.
Processing, analyzing and storing data.
Beside the noise, the water of the lakes,
the body of the cats was being stirred.
Pumping fresh water to cool the data center,
dumping in hot exhausted water after cooling silicon heat.
~

Suddenly the eternal sleep was broken.
~

Awaken to the loud hum the three cats found themselves
in a chaotic mess.
The meadow turning yellow, and all of the companion
species slowly disappearing.
~

Saddened by this vision the cat reunited in council. 
How can we stop this hum?
~

their spirit form could not interact with earthly matter.
Yet their voices could be heard. and so the council convened:
"let's purr until the data center shatters."
~

Circling the infrastructure, the three cats emitted a deep,
resonant purr, tuning themselves precisely to the vibrations
of metal, quartz, and silicon.
Slowly, the server racks and walls themselves began to shudder.
The quartz clocks stuttered, falling out of sync.
Then, the first server rack collapsed, triggering a domino effect
that reducing the vast data centre to a pile of dead computation.
~

And so the hum stopped.
And every time the data-centre would be rebuilt,
the cat would purr it into piles of shattered servers.
~

And so the Juliiarie region was deemed unprofitable and unstable.
Unworthy of investment.
And so, slowly and steadily the species came back
repopulating the meadows.
And the cats tired from their effort,
fell again into the eternal sleep.
~